Installed Packages
1password.x86_64                                     8.10.34-1                                        @@commandline             
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.1-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
GConf2.x86_64                                        3.2.6-41.fc40                                    @fedora                   
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                1.3.40-7.fc40                                    @fedora                   
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                            1.3.40-7.fc40                                    @fedora                   
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.33-1.fc40                                @updates                  
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.33-1.fc40                                @updates                  
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.2-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                           1.20.16-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.18-4.fc40                                    @updates                  
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.12.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.12-6.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
ORBit2.x86_64                                        2.14.19-36.fc40                                  @fedora                   
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
PackageKit-Qt6.x86_64                                1.1.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.8-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
R-core.x86_64                                        4.4.1-3.fc40                                     @updates                  
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.30.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.8.2-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
SDL_image.x86_64                                     1.2.12-37.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
SLOF.noarch                                          20220719-4.git6b6c16b4.fc40                      @fedora                   
Wavebox.x86_64                                       10.127.7-2                                       @wavebox                  
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.4.20210729git2a87ac6.fc40                @updates                  
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.50.rc5.fc40                              @fedora                   
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20240116.2-1.fc40                                @updates                  
accounts-qml-module-qt6.x86_64                       0.7^20231216.05e79eb-3.fc40                      @anaconda                 
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230622-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230622-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-7.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-4.fc40                         @anaconda                 
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          46.2-2.fc40                                      @updates                  
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-19.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            46.2-2.fc40                                      @updates                  
adwaita-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                     46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
aha.x86_64                                           0.5.1-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
akonadi-contacts.x86_64                              24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
akonadi-mime.x86_64                                  24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
akonadi-search.x86_64                                24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
akonadi-server.x86_64                                24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
akonadi-server-mysql.x86_64                          24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
akregator.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
akregator-libs.x86_64                                24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2024.03-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.27-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
anaconda.x86_64                                      40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
anaconda-live.noarch                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              40.22.3-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.60-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.60-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-14.fc40                                        @fedora                   
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20240502-1.fc40                            @updates                  
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-38.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
appstream.x86_64                                     1.0.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
appstream-data.noarch                                40-8.fc40                                        @updates                  
appstream-qt.x86_64                                  1.0.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.3-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-16.fc40                                    @fedora                   
apr-util-lmdb.x86_64                                 1.6.3-16.fc40                                    @fedora                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-16.fc40                                    @fedora                   
ark.x86_64                                           24.05.2-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
ark-libs.x86_64                                      24.05.2-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
arts.x86_64                                          8:1.5.10-61.fc40                                 @fedora                   
aspell.x86_64                                        12:0.60.8.1-1.fc40                               @updates                  
aspell-en.x86_64                                     50:2020.12.07-10.fc40                            @anaconda                 
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
atk.x86_64                                           2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.52.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.4-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
audiocd-kio.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
audiocd-kio-doc.noarch                               24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
audiofile.x86_64                                     1:0.3.6-38.fc40                                  @fedora                   
audit.x86_64                                         4.0.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
audit-libs.x86_64                                    4.0.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
audit-rules.x86_64                                   4.0.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
authselect.x86_64                                    1.5.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.5.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                 0.8-26.fc40                                      @fedora                   
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            1.0.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                  
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-36.fc40                                      @updates                  
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-33.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.108-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
baloo-widgets.x86_64                                 24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
basesystem.noarch                                    11-20.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.26-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.4.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-14.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-21.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
biber.noarch                                         2.19-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.26-1.fc40                                @updates                  
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.26-1.fc40                                @updates                  
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.26-1.fc40                                @updates                  
binutils.x86_64                                      2.41-37.fc40                                     @updates                  
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.41-37.fc40                                     @updates                  
black.noarch                                         24.4.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
black+d.noarch                                       24.4.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.10.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.5.0-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
blosc.x86_64                                         1.21.5-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
blosc2.x86_64                                        2.14.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
bluedevil.x86_64                                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
bluez.x86_64                                         5.77-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.77-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.77-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.77-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.8-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-6.fc40                       @anaconda                 
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
breeze-cursor-theme.noarch                           6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                               6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                               6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                               6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
bridge-utils.x86_64                                  1.7.1-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.5-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
brltty.x86_64                                        6.6-13.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
brotli.x86_64                                        1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
btrfs-assistant.x86_64                               2.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.9.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
btrfsmaintenance.noarch                              0.5.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.8.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-18.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-18.fc40                                    @fedora                   
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-18.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.62_v7.0.401-6.fc40                        @anaconda                 
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.18.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
capstone.x86_64                                      5.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
catdoc.x86_64                                        0.95-17.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-44.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
cfitsio.x86_64                                       4.4.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.6-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
cheese.x86_64                                        2:44.1-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:44.1-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.27-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
chrony.x86_64                                        4.5-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-5.fc40                                       @updates                  
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-5.fc40                                       @updates                  
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.17-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
clamav.x86_64                                        1.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
clamav-data.noarch                                   1.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
clamav-filesystem.noarch                             1.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
clamav-freshclam.x86_64                              1.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
clamav-lib.x86_64                                    1.0.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
clamtk.noarch                                        6.18-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
clang.x86_64                                         18.1.6-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
clang-devel.x86_64                                   18.1.6-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
clang-libs.x86_64                                    18.1.6-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
clang-resource-filesystem.noarch                     18.1.6-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                             18.1.6-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:45-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:45-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
clevis.x86_64                                        20-2.fc40                                        @updates                  
clevis-luks.x86_64                                   20-2.fc40                                        @updates                  
clevis-pin-tpm2.x86_64                               0.5.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
clinfo.x86_64                                        3.0.23.01.25-4.fc40                              @anaconda                 
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40              @anaconda                 
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40              @anaconda                 
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-13.fc40                                   @fedora                   
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-18.fc40                                   @fedora                   
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-18.fc40                                    @fedora                   
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.28.2-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
cockpit.x86_64                                       321-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                321-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
cockpit-networkmanager.noarch                        321-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                            321-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
cockpit-storaged.noarch                              321-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
cockpit-system.noarch                                321-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                    321-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
code.x86_64                                          1.91.1-1720564728.el8                            @code                     
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-10.fc40                                   @fedora                   
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-33.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
colord-kde.x86_64                                    24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   18.1.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
composefs-libs.x86_64                                1.0.3-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.232.1-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
containerd.io.x86_64                                 1.7.19-3.1.fc40                                  @docker-ce-stable         
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.4-7.fc40                                       @updates                  
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.4-7.fc40                                       @updates                  
corosynclib.x86_64                                   3.1.8-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
cpio.x86_64                                          2.15-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
cpp.x86_64                                           14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
cronie.x86_64                                        1.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11^20190603git9e74f2d-3.fc40                   @anaconda                 
cryfs.x86_64                                         0.11.3-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
crypto-policies.noarch                               20240510-1.gitd287a42.fc40                       @updates                  
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20240510-1.gitd287a42.fc40                       @updates                  
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.10-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.0.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.10-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.10-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0.0-6.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
cups-filters-driverless.x86_64                       1:2.0.0-6.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.10-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.10-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
cups-pdf.x86_64                                      3.0.1-21.fc40                                    @fedora                   
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
curl.x86_64                                          8.6.0-8.fc40                                     @updates                  
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      79-1.fc40                                        @updates                  
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
daala-libs.x86_64                                    0-27.20200724git694d4ce.fc40                     @anaconda                 
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   79-1.fc40                                        @updates                  
dbeaver-ce.x86_64                                    24.1.2-stable                                    @@commandline             
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   36-2.fc40                                        @updates                  
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @fedora                   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-3.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.34.20160218.fc40                         @anaconda                 
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-12.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
ddcutil.x86_64                                       2.1.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-7.fc40                                       @updates                  
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-mni.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-sat.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-23.fc40                                     @fedora                   
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.3-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    40.0.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.197-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.197-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.197-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.197-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.7-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.0.12-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                              @anaconda                 
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                              @anaconda                 
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
discord.x86_64                                       0.0.61-1.fc40                                    @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.104-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-9.fc40                                    @updates                  
dlm-lib.x86_64                                       4.2.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
dnf.noarch                                           4.21.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
dnf-automatic.noarch                                 4.21.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.21.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.8.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-85.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-22.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
docker-buildx-plugin.x86_64                          0.16.1-1.fc40                                    @docker-ce-stable         
docker-ce.x86_64                                     3:27.1.1-1.fc40                                  @docker-ce-stable         
docker-ce-cli.x86_64                                 1:27.1.1-1.fc40                                  @docker-ce-stable         
docker-ce-rootless-extras.x86_64                     27.1.1-1.fc40                                    @docker-ce-stable         
docker-compose-plugin.x86_64                         2.29.1-1.fc40                                    @docker-ce-stable         
docker-desktop.x86_64                                4.32.0-157355                                    @@commandline             
dolphin.x86_64                                       24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
dolphin-libs.x86_64                                  24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
dolphin-plugins.x86_64                               24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-11.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-35.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
dpkg.x86_64                                          1.22.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
dracut.x86_64                                        102-2.fc40                                       @updates                  
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          102-2.fc40                                       @updates                  
dracut-live.x86_64                                   102-2.fc40                                       @updates                  
dracut-network.x86_64                                102-2.fc40                                       @updates                  
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 102-2.fc40                                       @updates                  
dropbox.x86_64                                       1:2023.09.06-2.fc40                              @rpmfusion-nonfree        
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-6.fc40                                      @fedora                   
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                              0.2.2-27.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ed.x86_64                                            1.20.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
edk2-aarch64.noarch                                  20240524-4.fc40                                  @updates                  
edk2-arm.noarch                                      20240524-4.fc40                                  @updates                  
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20240524-4.fc40                                  @updates                  
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-11.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-11.fc40                                        @fedora                   
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-6.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-2.fc40                                        @updates                  
egl-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.191-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.191-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.191-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.191-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.191-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:29.4-9.fc40                                    @updates                  
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-35.fc40                                  @updates                  
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.6.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.52.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.52.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
expat.x86_64                                         2.6.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
f40-backgrounds-base.noarch                          40.2.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
f40-backgrounds-kde.noarch                           40.2.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
fatresize.x86_64                                     1.1.0-11.20221116gitab78c48.fc40                 @anaconda                 
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fedora-appstream-metadata.noarch                     20240423-2.fc40                                  @updates                  
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-30.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-8.fc40                                         @anaconda                 
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               40-2                                             @updates                  
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fedora-release-common.noarch                         40-39                                            @updates                  
fedora-release-identity-kde.noarch                   40-39                                            @updates                  
fedora-release-kde.noarch                            40-39                                            @updates                  
fedora-repos.noarch                                  40-2                                             @updates                  
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-8.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-5.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
ffmpeg-free.x86_64                                   6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
ffmpegthumbs.x86_64                                  24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-12.fc40                                   @updates                  
fido2-tools.x86_64                                   1.14.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
file.x86_64                                          5.45-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.45-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
filelight.x86_64                                     1:24.05.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-8.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-9.fc40                                   @updates                  
firebird.x86_64                                      4.0.4.3010-3.fc40                                @fedora                   
firebird-utils.x86_64                                4.0.4.3010-3.fc40                                @fedora                   
firefox.x86_64                                       128.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             128.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
firewall-config.noarch                               2.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
firewalld.noarch                                     2.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
flameshot.x86_64                                     12.1.0-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.3.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
flatpak-kcm.x86_64                                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
flexiblas-openblas-serial.x86_64                     3.4.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
flute.noarch                                         1.3.0-37.OOo31.fc40                              @fedora                   
fmt.x86_64                                           10.2.1-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fontawesome-fonts-web.noarch                         1:6.6.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
fontawesome4-fonts.noarch                            1:4.7.0-22.fc40                                  @fedora                   
fontawesome4-fonts-web.noarch                        1:4.7.0-22.fc40                                  @fedora                   
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.15.0-6.fc40                                    @updates                  
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.15.0-6.fc40                                    @updates                  
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-14.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-14.fc40                                  @fedora                   
forge-srpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.5.1-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-12.fc40                                      @fedora                   
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.6.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
freerdp2-libs.x86_64                                 2.11.7-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.2-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.13.2-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                2.3.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.14-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.14-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fuse-encfs.x86_64                                    1.9.5-20.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.13-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
fuse-sshfs.x86_64                                    3.7.3-9.fc40                                     @updates                  
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.21-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.6-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.21-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.21-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.21-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-26.fc40                                    @fedora                   
gawk.x86_64                                          5.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gcc.x86_64                                           14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gdb.x86_64                                           14.2-3.fc40                                      @updates                  
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  14.2-3.fc40                                      @updates                  
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.23-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @fedora                   
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-15.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.48-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-54.fc40                                   @fedora                   
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.4-11.fc40                                   @fedora                   
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-12.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-12.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
gettext.x86_64                                       0.22.5-2.fc40                                    @fedora                   
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.22.5-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.22.5-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.22.5-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                    3.5.1-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.9-1.fc40                                       @fedora                   
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                  
ghostscript-tools-fonts.noarch                       10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                  
ghostscript-tools-printing.noarch                    10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                  
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gimp.x86_64                                          2:2.10.38-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:2.10.38-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
git.x86_64                                           2.45.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
git-core.x86_64                                      2.45.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.45.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
gitkraken.x86_64                                     10.0.1-1                                         @@commandline             
glabels.x86_64                                       3.4.1-24.fc40                                    @fedora                   
glabels-libs.x86_64                                  3.4.1-24.fc40                                    @fedora                   
glabels-templates.noarch                             3.4.1-24.fc40                                    @fedora                   
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.80.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
glib2.x86_64                                         2.80.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.80.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
glibc.x86_64                                         2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates                  
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates                  
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates                  
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates                  
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates                  
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.39-17.fc40                                     @updates                  
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.7-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
glyphography-newscycle-fonts.noarch                  0.5.2-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-5.fc40                                         @fedora                   
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   46.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.0-15.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                              3.12.0-22.fc40                                   @fedora                   
gnome-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                       3.12.0-22.fc40                                   @fedora                   
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.50.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gnome-vfs2.x86_64                                    2.24.4-45.fc40                                   @fedora                   
gnome-vfs2-common.noarch                             2.24.4-45.fc40                                   @fedora                   
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.6.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-33.fc40                                 @fedora                   
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-33.fc40                                 @fedora                   
gnumeric.x86_64                                      1:1.12.56-6.fc40                                 @updates                  
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gnustep-base-libs.x86_64                             1.29.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
go-filesystem.x86_64                                 3.5.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.5.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.80.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
goffice.x86_64                                       0.10.56-3.fc40                                   @fedora                   
golang.x86_64                                        1.22.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.22.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
golang-src.noarch                                    1.22.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.24.20130920.fc40                         @anaconda                 
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                          127.0.6533.72-1                                  @google-chrome            
google-crc32c.x86_64                                 1.1.2-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.18.20130214.fc40                       @anaconda                 
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-19.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-meeteimayek-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                   20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.002-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240301-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.14-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.23.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.23.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gphoto2.x86_64                                       2.5.28-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-46.fc40                                   @fedora                   
gpsd-libs.x86_64                                     1:3.25-10.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
grantleetheme.x86_64                                 24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-15.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-15.fc40                                   @fedora                   
graphviz.x86_64                                      9.0.0-11.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-7.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
grpc.x86_64                                          1.48.4-34.fc40                                   @fedora                   
grpc-cpp.x86_64                                      1.48.4-34.fc40                                   @fedora                   
grpc-data.noarch                                     1.48.4-34.fc40                                   @fedora                   
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-123.fc40                                  @updates                  
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-75.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     46.1-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
gsl.x86_64                                           2.7.1-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.2-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.24.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.1-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-18.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                  2.20.2-29.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                             2.24.33-18.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                             3.24.43-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.14.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.9-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                3.24.11-10.fc39                                  @fedora                   
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gtkspell3.x86_64                                     3.0.10-19.fc40                                   @fedora                   
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-48.20121130.fc40                           @anaconda                 
guile30.x86_64                                       3.0.7-12.fc40                                    @fedora                   
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.6-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.54.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.54.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.1-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
gwenview.x86_64                                      1:24.05.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
gwenview-libs.x86_64                                 1:24.05.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
gzip.x86_64                                          1.13-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      8.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                8.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  8.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.12.1-15.fc40                                   @fedora                   
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-31.fc40                             @anaconda                 
hfsutils.x86_64                                      3.2.6-47.fc39                                    @anaconda                 
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-18.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
hidapi.x86_64                                        0.14.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-19.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
highway.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
hspell.x86_64                                        1.4-21.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
hugo.x86_64                                          0.121.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-9.fc40                                @anaconda                 
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                                @anaconda                 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                                @anaconda                 
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
hwdata.noarch                                        0.383-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                 
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                 
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                 
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                 
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40                          @anaconda                 
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-24.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-24.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
i2c-tools.x86_64                                     4.3-10.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.30-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.16-6.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.16-6.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.30-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.30-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.30-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.5-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.7-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.30-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.3-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.30-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-panel.x86_64                                    1.5.30-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.30-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.25.13-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
iceauth.x86_64                                       1.0.9-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
iec16022-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.5-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
im-chooser.x86_64                                    1.7.5-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
im-chooser-common.x86_64                             1.7.5-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.5-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.10-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
imsettings.x86_64                                    1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                          1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
imsettings-libs.x86_64                               1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
imsettings-plasma.x86_64                             1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
inih.x86_64                                          58-1.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-16.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.100-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.100-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
initial-setup-gui-wayland-plasma.noarch              40.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.23-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.23-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.23-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
inkscape.x86_64                                      1.3.2-8.fc40                                     @updates                  
inkscape-libs.x86_64                                 1.3.2-8.fc40                                     @updates                  
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.3.20-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
intel-vpl-gpu-rt.x86_64                              24.2.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.24-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
iproute.x86_64                                       6.7.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.7.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
ipset.x86_64                                         7.21-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.21-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.10-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.10-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
iputils.x86_64                                       20240117-4.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20240119-1.gitde8a0821.fc40                      @fedora                   
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.9.4-3.fc40                                   @updates                  
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40                       @anaconda                 
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40                       @anaconda                 
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.16.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.5-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
iw.x86_64                                            6.7-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
java-21-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:21.0.4.0.7-2.fc40                              @updates                  
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.2.0-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
javapackages-tools.noarch                            6.2.0-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                          2.44.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.44.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.44.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.20-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-29.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
jfsutils.x86_64                                      1.1.15-27.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-41.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
jose.x86_64                                          14-1.fc40                                        @updates                  
jq.x86_64                                            1.7.1-7.fc40                                     @updates                  
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
julius.x86_64                                        4.6-5.fc40                                       @fedora                   
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.8.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kaccounts-integration-qt5.x86_64                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kaccounts-integration-qt6.x86_64                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                           24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kactivitymanagerd.x86_64                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kamera.x86_64                                        24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kamoso.x86_64                                        24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-45.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-45.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
kate.x86_64                                          24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kate-krunner-plugin.x86_64                           6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kate-libs.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kate-plugins.x86_64                                  24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kbd.x86_64                                           2.6.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kcalc.x86_64                                         24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kcharselect.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kcolorpicker-qt6.x86_64                              0.3.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kde-cli-tools.x86_64                                 6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kde-connect.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kde-connect-libs.x86_64                              24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                5-3.fc40                                         @anaconda                 
kde-gtk-config.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kde-inotify-survey.x86_64                            24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kde-l10n.noarch                                      17.08.3-17.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
kde-partitionmanager.x86_64                          24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kde-settings.noarch                                  40.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
kde-settings-plasma.noarch                           40.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch                       40.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
kde-settings-sddm.noarch                             40.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
kde3-filesystem.x86_64                               5-3.fc40                                         @fedora                   
kde4-filesystem.x86_64                               5-3.fc40                                         @anaconda                 
kdeconnectd.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kdecoration.x86_64                                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                        24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kdegraphics-thumbnailers.x86_64                      24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kdelibs-common.x86_64                                6:4.14.38-45.fc40                                @fedora                   
kdelibs3.x86_64                                      3.5.10-128.fc40                                  @fedora                   
kdesu.x86_64                                         1:6.1.3-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
kdialog.x86_64                                       24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kdnssd.x86_64                                        24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kdsoap.x86_64                                        2.2.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kdsoap-ws-discovery-client.x86_64                    0.4.0-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kdsoap6.x86_64                                       2.2.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-11.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc40                   @anaconda                 
kdump-utils.x86_64                                   1.0.42-10.fc40                                   @updates                  
keditbookmarks.x86_64                                24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
keditbookmarks-libs.x86_64                           24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel.x86_64                                        6.8.9-300.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel.x86_64                                        6.9.7-200.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel.x86_64                                        6.9.11-200.fc40                                  @updates                  
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.8.9-300.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.9.7-200.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.9.11-200.fc40                                  @updates                  
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.9.4-200.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.8.9-300.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.9.7-200.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.9.11-200.fc40                                  @updates                  
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.8.9-300.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.9.7-200.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.9.11-200.fc40                                  @updates                  
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.8.9-300.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.9.7-200.fc40                                   @updates                  
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.9.11-200.fc40                                  @updates                  
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-23.fc40                                      @fedora                   
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.28-12.fc40                                   @updates                  
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kf5-attica.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-bluez-qt.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                      5.116.0-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                 5.116.0-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kactivities-stats.x86_64                         5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kdewebkit.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kdnssd.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                         5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                  5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kwayland.x86_64                                  5.116.0-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                   5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                        5.116.1-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-solid.x86_64                                     5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-sonnet.x86_64                                    5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-sonnet-hunspell.x86_64                           5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                 5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf5-syndication.x86_64                               1:5.116.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
kf5-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                       5.116.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kf6-attica.x86_64                                    6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-baloo.x86_64                                     6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-baloo-file.x86_64                                6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-baloo-libs.x86_64                                6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-bluez-qt.x86_64                                  6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-breeze-icons.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-frameworkintegration.x86_64                      6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                 6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-karchive.x86_64                                  6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kauth.x86_64                                     6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kbookmarks.x86_64                                6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcalendarcore.x86_64                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcmutils.x86_64                                  6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcodecs.x86_64                                   6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcolorscheme.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcompletion.x86_64                               6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kconfig.x86_64                                   6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcontacts.x86_64                                 6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kcrash.x86_64                                    6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kdeclarative.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kded.x86_64                                      6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kdesu.x86_64                                     6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kdnssd.x86_64                                    6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kdoctools.x86_64                                 6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kfilemetadata.x86_64                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kguiaddons.x86_64                                6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kholidays.x86_64                                 6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-ki18n.x86_64                                     6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kiconthemes.x86_64                               6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kidletime.x86_64                                 6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kimageformats.x86_64                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kio-core.x86_64                                  6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kio-doc.noarch                                   6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kio-gui.x86_64                                   6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kio-widgets.x86_64                               6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kirigami.x86_64                                  6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kirigami-addons.x86_64                           1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kitemmodels.x86_64                               6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kitemviews.x86_64                                6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-knewstuff.x86_64                                 6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-knotifications.x86_64                            6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-knotifyconfig.x86_64                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kpackage.x86_64                                  6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kparts.x86_64                                    6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kpeople.x86_64                                   6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kpty.x86_64                                      6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kquickcharts.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-krunner.x86_64                                   6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kservice.x86_64                                  6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kstatusnotifieritem.x86_64                       6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-ksvg.x86_64                                      6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-ktexteditor.x86_64                               6.4.0-3.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-ktexttemplate.x86_64                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kuserfeedback.x86_64                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kwallet.x86_64                                   6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            6.4.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-modemmanager-qt.x86_64                           6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-networkmanager-qt.x86_64                         6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-prison.x86_64                                    6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-purpose.x86_64                                   6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                        6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-solid.x86_64                                     6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-sonnet.x86_64                                    6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-sonnet-hunspell.x86_64                           6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-syndication.x86_64                               6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                       6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kf6-threadweaver.x86_64                              6.4.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kfind.x86_64                                         24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kglobalacceld.x86_64                                 6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kgpg.x86_64                                          24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
khelpcenter.x86_64                                   1:24.05.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
kidentitymanagement.x86_64                           24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kimageannotator-common.x86_64                        0.7.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kimageannotator-qt6.x86_64                           0.7.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kimap.x86_64                                         24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kinfocenter.x86_64                                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kio-admin.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kio-extras.x86_64                                    24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kio-extras-kf5.x86_64                                24.02.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kio-fuse.x86_64                                      5.1.0-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
kio-gdrive.x86_64                                    24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
klamav.x86_64                                        0.46-42.fc39                                     @fedora                   
kldap.x86_64                                         24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kmailtransport.x86_64                                24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kmbox.x86_64                                         24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kmenuedit.x86_64                                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kmime.x86_64                                         24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kmod.x86_64                                          31-5.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     31-5.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
kmousetool.x86_64                                    24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kmouth.x86_64                                        24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kolourpaint.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kolourpaint-libs.x86_64                              24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
konsole.x86_64                                       24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
konsole-part.x86_64                                  24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kontactinterface.x86_64                              24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.7-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kpimtextedit.x86_64                                  24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kpipewire.x86_64                                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kpmcore.x86_64                                       24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kquickimageeditor-qt6.x86_64                         0.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
krdc.x86_64                                          24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
krdc-libs.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
krfb.x86_64                                          24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
krfb-libs.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
ksanecore-common.x86_64                              24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
ksanecore-qt6.x86_64                                 24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kscreen.x86_64                                       1:6.1.3-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
kscreenlocker.x86_64                                 6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
ksmtp.x86_64                                         24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
ksshaskpass.x86_64                                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
ksystemstats.x86_64                                  6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
ktextaddons-common.noarch                            1.5.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
ktextaddons-qt6.x86_64                               1.5.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
kwalletmanager5.x86_64                               24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kwayland.x86_64                                      6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kwayland-integration.x86_64                          6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kwebkitpart.x86_64                                   1.4.0-0.16.20190110.fc40                         @anaconda                 
kwin.x86_64                                          6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kwin-common.x86_64                                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kwin-libs.x86_64                                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kwin-wayland.x86_64                                  6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kwrite.x86_64                                        24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
kwrited.x86_64                                       6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.80-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.17-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
lame.x86_64                                          3.100-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.0-13.fc40                                      @updates                  
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.67-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
lasem.x86_64                                         0.4.3-23.fc40                                    @fedora                   
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-20.fc40                                    @fedora                   
layer-shell-qt.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.16-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
ldns.x86_64                                          1.8.3-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.84.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
less.x86_64                                          643-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
lib2geom.x86_64                                      1.3-7.fc40                                       @updates                  
libICE.x86_64                                        1.1.1-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libIDL.x86_64                                        0.8.14-76.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libRmath.x86_64                                      4.4.1-3.fc40                                     @updates                  
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.15-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.6-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.6-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.2.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.6-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.6-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.6-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.6-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.1-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               6.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.6-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.8-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.8.1-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.11-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXt.x86_64                                         1.3.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.4-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.4-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.12-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.6-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-48.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                              1.25-13.fc39                                     @anaconda                 
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                               1.16^20231010.211051.29fd38e-4.fc40              @fedora                   
libaccounts-qt6.x86_64                               1.16^20231010.211051.29fd38e-4.fc40              @anaconda                 
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.5.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libaec.x86_64                                        1.1.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-19.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-27.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libaom.x86_64                                        3.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                  
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libarrow.x86_64                                      15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libarrow-acero-libs.x86_64                           15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libarrow-dataset-libs.x86_64                         15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libarrow-doc.noarch                                  15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libarrow-flight-libs.x86_64                          15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libarrow-glib-libs.x86_64                            15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                   2.3.21-32.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-28.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-28.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libatomic.x86_64                                     14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-22.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libavdevice-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libavformat-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libavif.x86_64                                       1.0.4-3.fc40                                     @updates                  
libavutil-free.x86_64                                6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libayatana-appindicator-gtk3.x86_64                  0.5.93-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libayatana-ido-gtk3.x86_64                           0.10.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libayatana-indicator-gtk3.x86_64                     0.9.4-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libbase.noarch                                       1.1.3-42.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libbonobo.x86_64                                     2.32.1-27.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.2.0-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-33.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libbtrfs.x86_64                                      6.9.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libbtrfsutil.x86_64                                  6.9.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libburn.x86_64                                       1.5.6-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.10-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.73.beta20.fc40                            @fedora                   
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-8.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-35.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libcap.x86_64                                        2.69-8.fc40                                      @updates                  
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.4-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.4-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.11.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcddb.x86_64                                       1.3.2-43.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-12.fc40                               @updates                  
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcgroup.x86_64                                     3.0-5.fc40                                       @fedora                   
libchewing.x86_64                                    0.6.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.5-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                       0.3.5-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.6.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.20-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.0.0-7.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libcurl.x86_64                                       8.6.0-8.fc40                                     @updates                  
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-29.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libdatachannel.x86_64                                0.20.2-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-9.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.4.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-62.fc40                                   @updates                  
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-27.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-27.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.7-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-11.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libddcutil.x86_64                                    2.1.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libdeflate.x86_64                                    1.20-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.1.1-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libdmtx.x86_64                                       0.7.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.73.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.3.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.122-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                     1.3.3-11.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-35.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libebml.x86_64                                       1.4.5-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.6.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-51.20240517cvs.fc40                          @updates                  
libei.x86_64                                         1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libeis.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-31.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.10-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-18.fc40                                    @fedora                   
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @fedora                   
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-9.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.11-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.11~20230802.git9c3a8cb-5.fc40                @fedora                   
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-11.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-12.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libfakekey.x86_64                                    0.3-19.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libfastjson.x86_64                                   1.2304.0-4.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libfbclient2.x86_64                                  4.0.4.3010-3.fc40                                @fedora                   
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.7.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.4-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.14.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libfonts.noarch                                      1.1.3-46.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libformula.noarch                                    1.1.3-43.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.7-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-23.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-12.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-12.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libgcc.x86_64                                        14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.3-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-11.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-31.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libgfortran.x86_64                                   14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libgnome.x86_64                                      2.32.1-30.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libgomp.x86_64                                       14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.49-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.31-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libgravatar.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libgs.x86_64                                         10.02.1-12.fc40                                  @updates                  
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.51-4.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.9-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libgweather.x86_64                                   4.4.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.3-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-31.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libheif.x86_64                                       1.17.6-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libi2c.x86_64                                        4.3-10.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libib-util.x86_64                                    4.0.4.3010-3.fc40                                @fedora                   
libibverbs.x86_64                                    48.0-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.18-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.18-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libicu.x86_64                                        74.2-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  74.2-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libidn.x86_64                                        1.42-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-34.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-43.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-22.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-4.fc40                  @anaconda                 
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.0.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libinput.x86_64                                      1.26.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libipt.x86_64                                        2.1-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.19.0^20230804git7577ec5-3.fc40                 @fedora                   
libisoburn.x86_64                                    1.5.6-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.5.6-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.1-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libjose.x86_64                                       14-1.fc40                                        @updates                  
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           3.0.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.8.3-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkate.x86_64                                       0.4.1-29.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libkcddb.x86_64                                      24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkcddb-doc.noarch                                  24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkcompactdisc.x86_64                               24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkdcraw.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkdepim.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkexiv2-qt5.x86_64                                 24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkexiv2-qt6.x86_64                                 24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkgapi.x86_64                                      24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libkleo.x86_64                                       24.05.2-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
libksane-common.x86_64                               24.05.2-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
libksane-qt6.x86_64                                  24.05.2-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.6-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libkscreen.x86_64                                    6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
libksysguard.x86_64                                  6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
libksysguard-common.x86_64                           6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
libkworkspace6.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.7-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
liblayout.noarch                                     0.2.10-36.fc40                                   @fedora                   
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-15.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libldb.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libloader.noarch                                     1.1.3-44.fc40                                    @fedora                   
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.28.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
liblouis-tables.noarch                               3.28.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.12.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.12.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-24.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libluksmeta.x86_64                                   9-22.fc40                                        @fedora                   
libmad.x86_64                                        0.16.4-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.7-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libmarkdown.x86_64                                   2.2.7-8.fc40                                     @updates                  
libmatroska.x86_64                                   1.7.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.30.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.30.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libmicrodns.x86_64                                   0.2.0-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-19.fc40                                @anaconda                 
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-12.fc40                                   @updates                  
libmount.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.3.0-0.4.20110810svn475.fc40                    @updates                  
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-29.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.12.alpha.fc40                           @anaconda                 
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-32.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                               5.1.0-24.fc40                                    @updates                  
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.22-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libmypaint.x86_64                                    1.6.1-11.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libnbd.x86_64                                        1.20.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-9.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libnetapi.x86_64                                     2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-27.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libnfs.x86_64                                        5.0.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.6.4-0.rc6.fc40                               @updates                  
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.6-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.59.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.22-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.10.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.3-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.8-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libobjc.x86_64                                       14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-11.fc40                                    @fedora                   
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-8.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libomp.x86_64                                        18.1.6-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  18.1.6-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.7.8-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libopusenc.x86_64                                    0.2.1-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
liborc1.x86_64                                       1.9.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.19.2-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.11.0-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-23.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.4-4.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-8.fc40                                       @fedora                   
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.13.35-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.8.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    2.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libplacebo.x86_64                                    6.338.2-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libplasma.x86_64                                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
libplist.x86_64                                      2.3.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libpmem.x86_64                                       2.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.40-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.40-3.fc40                                  @fedora                   
libpng15.x86_64                                      1.5.30-19.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libportal.x86_64                                     0.7.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.7.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.0.0-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libpq.x86_64                                         16.1-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.11-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.5-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libqalculate.x86_64                                  4.9.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libqb.x86_64                                         2.0.8-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libqhull_r.x86_64                                    1:8.0.2-4.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.34.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.34.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                               1.8.0-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libquadmath.x86_64                                   14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-26.fc40                                    @fedora                   
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.14.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
librados2.x86_64                                     2:18.2.4-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libratbag-ratbagd.x86_64                             0.17-6.fc40                                      @updates                  
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-20.fc40                                    @fedora                   
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:18.2.4-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
librdmacm.x86_64                                     48.0-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-56.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libreoffice.x86_64                                   1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-base.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-kf6.x86_64                               1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-math.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                                @updates                  
librepo.x86_64                                       1.18.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
librepository.noarch                                 1.1.3-43.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libreswan.x86_64                                     4.15-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.57.1-6.fc40                                    @updates                  
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.29-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
libsass.x86_64                                       3.6.6-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.6-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.6-4.fc40                                       @fedora                   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.6-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.6-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.6-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.6-3.fc40                                       @fedora                   
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.10-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libserializer.noarch                                 1.1.2-42.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2024.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.2.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.20-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.29-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libspatialaudio.x86_64                               3.1-15.20200406gitd926a2e.fc40                   @updates                  
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.6-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.6-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.11.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libstdc++.x86_64                                     14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               14.1.1-7.fc40                                    @updates                  
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libswresample-free.x86_64                            6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libswscale-free.x86_64                               6.1.1-19.fc40                                    @updates                  
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.10-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-7.fc40                                      @updates                  
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.29-8.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-36.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.6.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.6.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libtiger.x86_64                                      0.3.4-28.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.5-0.fc40                                     @updates                  
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-19.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libu2f-host.x86_64                                   1.1.10-15.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-7.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libunity-gtk3-parser.x86_64                          0.0.0+17.04.20170403-18.fc39                     @anaconda                 
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libupnp.x86_64                                       1.14.19-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
liburing.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-54.fc40                                   @fedora                   
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                             0.1.8-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.27-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-5.fc40                  @anaconda                 
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-8.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.48.0-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.26.1-4.fc40                                    @updates                  
libva.x86_64                                         2.21.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libva-intel-media-driver.x86_64                      24.2.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-6.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libvirt.x86_64                                       10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-client.x86_64                                10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-client-qemu.x86_64                           10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-common.x86_64                         10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-libxl.x86_64                   10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-lxc.x86_64                     10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-driver-vbox.x86_64                    10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-lock.x86_64                           10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-log.x86_64                            10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-plugin-lockd.x86_64                   10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-daemon-proxy.x86_64                          10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  5.0.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-23.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-4.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.14-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libvoikko.x86_64                                     4.3.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-10.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.11.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.14.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.11.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libwinpr2.x86_64                                     2.11.7-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.13-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-8.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-19.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.14-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.17.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.17.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.36-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libxdo.x86_64                                        1:3.20211022.1-5.fc40                            @fedora                   
libxdp.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-25.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.12.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.12.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.19-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.42-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libyubikey.x86_64                                    1.13-22.fc40                                     @fedora                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
libzip.x86_64                                        1.10.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-34.fc40                                    @fedora                   
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.20-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-39.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
linux-firmware.noarch                                20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
lirc-libs.x86_64                                     0.10.0-42.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
live555.x86_64                                       2023.06.20-4.fc40                                @anaconda                 
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.6.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
llhttp.x86_64                                        9.2.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
llvm.x86_64                                          18.1.6-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     18.1.6-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.6.0-18.fc40                                    @fedora                   
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-18.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.33-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.42.20111007git.fc40                      @anaconda                 
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-10.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.11-5.fc40                                  @fedora                   
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-64.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
lsb_release.noarch                                   3.3-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
lshw.x86_64                                          B.02.20-3.fc40                                   @fedora                   
lsof.x86_64                                          4.98.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.7-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.6-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.6-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
lua-posix.x86_64                                     36.2.1-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-13.fc40                                        @fedora                   
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.1713773202-1.fc40                            @updates                  
luksmeta.x86_64                                      9-22.fc40                                        @fedora                   
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.23-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.23-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.23-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-14.fc40                                     @fedora                   
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.6-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-32.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-38.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-6.fc40                                   @fedora                   
makedumpfile.x86_64                                  1.7.5-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
maliit-framework.x86_64                              2.3.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
maliit-framework-qt5.x86_64                          2.3.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
maliit-keyboard.x86_64                               2.3.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
man-db.x86_64                                        2.12.0-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
man-pages.noarch                                     6.06-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
mariadb.x86_64                                       3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
mariadb-common.noarch                                3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.8-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.8-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64               3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
mariadb-errmsg.noarch                                3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                         3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
mariadb-server.x86_64                                3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                          3:10.11.8-3.fc40                                 @updates                  
marker.x86_64                                        0.0.2023.05.02-2.fc39                            @fedora                   
marker-data.noarch                                   0.0.2023.05.02-2.fc39                            @fedora                   
mathjax.noarch                                       2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                             2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch                     2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-stixweb-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-vector-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.3.0-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
media-player-info.noarch                             23-15.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.1.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.7.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           24.1.4-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
messagelib.x86_64                                    24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-61.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
minicom.x86_64                                       2.8-6.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
minizip-ng-compat.x86_64                             3.0.10-7.fc40                                    @fedora                   
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.20-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20230416-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.7.1-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-33.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-19.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.1-4.fc40                                     @updates                  
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
msgraph.x86_64                                       0.2.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.44-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
mullvad-vpn.x86_64                                   2024.4-1                                         @mullvad-stable           
mypaint-brushes.noarch                               1:1.3.1-11.fc40                                  @fedora                   
mysql-selinux.noarch                                 1.0.10-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-39.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-7.fc40                                       @updates                  
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-7.fc40                                       @updates                  
nautilus-dropbox.x86_64                              1:2023.09.06-2.fc40                              @rpmfusion-nonfree        
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.38.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                          1.38.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.38.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                            1.38.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
nbdkit-selinux.noarch                                1.38.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                 1.38.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                             1.38.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-12.20240127.fc40                             @anaconda                 
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                             @anaconda                 
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                             @anaconda                 
ndctl.x86_64                                         79-1.fc40                                        @updates                  
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    79-1.fc40                                        @updates                  
neon.x86_64                                          0.33.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.69.20160912git.fc40                        @anaconda                 
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-6.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
nettle.x86_64                                        3.9.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.6.4-0.rc6.fc40                               @updates                  
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.9-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.9-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.36.0-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     4:7.92-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:20.12.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
nodejs-cjs-module-lexer.noarch                       1.2.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:20.12.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:20.12.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:20.12.2-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                    1:10.5.0-1.20.12.2.1.fc40                        @updates                  
nodejs-undici.noarch                                 6.11.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
nomachine.x86_64                                     8.11.3-4                                         @@commandline             
npth.x86_64                                          1.7-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-24.fc40                                   @updates                  
nss.x86_64                                           3.101.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-11.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.101.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.101.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.101.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.101.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.101.0-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                               @anaconda                 
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                               @anaconda                 
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-16.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                               @anaconda                 
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-44.20150602git.fc40                          @fedora                   
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.8-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
obs-cef.x86_64                                       5060^cr103.0.5060.134~git20231010.17f8588-2.fc40 @fedora                   
obs-studio.x86_64                                    30.1.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
obs-studio-libs.x86_64                               30.1.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
obs-studio-plugin-browser.x86_64                     30.1.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
obs-studio-plugin-vlc-video.x86_64                   30.1.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
obs-studio-plugin-webkitgtk.x86_64                   0~git20231023.3c0978b-3.fc40                     @fedora                   
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             9-3.fc40                                         @fedora                   
ocean-sound-theme.noarch                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
ocfs2-tools.x86_64                                   1.8.8-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.2-6.fc40                                     @updates                  
okular.x86_64                                        24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
okular-libs.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
okular-part.x86_64                                   24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
ongres-scram.noarch                                  2.1-13.fc40                                      @fedora                   
ongres-scram-client.noarch                           2.1-13.fc40                                      @fedora                   
ongres-stringprep.noarch                             1.1-12.fc40                                      @fedora                   
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.9-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-21.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.4.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.4.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
openbios.noarch                                      1:20230126-3.gitaf97fd7.fc40                     @fedora                   
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.26-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.26-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.26-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-16.fc40                                        @fedora                   
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
opencv-core.x86_64                                   4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
opencv-imgproc.x86_64                                4.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.13-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
openh264.x86_64                                      2.4.1-2.fc40                                     @fedora-cisco-openh264    
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.2-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-34.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
opensc.x86_64                                        0.25.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
openssh.x86_64                                       9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                  
openssh-askpass.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                  
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                  
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.6p1-1.fc40.4                                   @updates                  
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.2.1-2.fc40                                   @fedora                   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.2.1-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.12-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
opus.x86_64                                          1.5.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
opus-tools.x86_64                                    0.2-14.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
opusfile.x86_64                                      0.12-12.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.38-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
orca.noarch                                          46.2-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-6.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20240701-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.11.0-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2024.6-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.5-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-28.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-11.fc40                                      @fedora                   
pakchois.x86_64                                      0.4-30.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-12.fc40                                      @updates                  
pam.x86_64                                           1.6.1-3.fc40                                     @updates                  
pam-kwallet.x86_64                                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-3.fc40                                     @updates                  
pam-u2f.x86_64                                       1.3.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pam_yubico.x86_64                                    2.26-13.fc39                                     @fedora                   
pandoc.x86_64                                        3.1.3-29.fc40                                    @fedora                   
pandoc-common.noarch                                 3.1.3-29.fc40                                    @fedora                   
pango.x86_64                                         1.54.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.54.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-9.fc40                                     @updates                  
parquet-libs.x86_64                                  15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
pass.noarch                                          1.7.4-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
passim.x86_64                                        0.1.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
passim-libs.x86_64                                   0.1.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
passt.x86_64                                         0^20240624.g1ee2eca-1.fc40                       @updates                  
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20240624.g1ee2eca-1.fc40                       @updates                  
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-15.fc40                                      @updates                  
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.13.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.13.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc40.6                                    @anaconda                 
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.5-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.0.3-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                1.1.3-42.fc40                                    @fedora                   
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                 1:0.9.4-35.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.1700-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.88-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                       0.28-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                            3.009-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                       20240323.001-1.fc40                              @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                            1.203-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                            1.005-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Cairo.x86_64                                    1.109-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Cairo-GObject.x86_64                            1.005-15.fc40.1                                  @fedora                   
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                           0.51-20.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                   0.09-8.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.36-16.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                   2.15-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                          1.6-11.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                         1.19-34.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.46-6.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.210-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.209-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.34-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                              1.23-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
perl-DBI.x86_64                                      1.643-22.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                             1.29-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-10.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.188-503.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.114-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                              0.12-33.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                             0.005-20.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.95-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                 2:1.65-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                 0.107-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                  0.8300-13.fc40                                   @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                 1:1.79-10.fc40                                   @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                          1.42-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                        2.62-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                0.010-21.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                 0.011-21.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                        0.009-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                             2.07-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-24.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                           0.05-36.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                         1:2.05-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-10.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.59-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-503.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                      0.11-30.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.54-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                     0.004-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                        1.008-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.21-505.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-29.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.37-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-15.fc40                                @fedora                   
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                             0.14-23.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                          1.45-10.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.78-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.006002-4.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.70-503.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-506.fc40                               @fedora                   
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.43-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                           0.34-28.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.16-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.118-11.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-503.fc40                             @anaconda                 
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.13-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-503.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-GD.x86_64                                       2.78-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                               2.00-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-45.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.57-4.fc40                                    @updates                  
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.45.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
perl-Glib.x86_64                                     1.3294-2.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Glib-Object-Introspection.x86_64                0.051-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Gtk3.noarch                                     0.038-11.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.82-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.24-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.11-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.46-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-38.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.088-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.26-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.45-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.22-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.52-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.207-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-12.fc40                                 @fedora                   
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-12.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.42-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.085-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-50.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-504.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                 0.049-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-505.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-13.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.10-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Jcode.noarch                                    2.07-43.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.68-13.fc40                                   @fedora                   
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-17.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.14-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                 0.012-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                              0.010-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                          0.29-6.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                            0.19-12.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.430-11.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.430-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                           0.59-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                             0.12-9.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.33-503.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-506.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Locale-gettext.x86_64                           1.07-31.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                             2.71-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                  1.38-9.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                             1.57-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.013.1-5.fc40                                   @fedora                   
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                3.033-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                               2.26-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.15-9.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                              1:0.903-24.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                            0.80-20.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.21-16.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:2.0030.03-1.fc40                               @updates                  
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.62-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20240702-1.fc40                              @updates                  
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                    0.09-39.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-503.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-503.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000038-5.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-22.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20231213-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.16-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-38.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.23-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-24.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.94-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                           0.03-38.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.64-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.13-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-31.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                            0.40-7.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                         0.30-7.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                2.5-13.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-502.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                          0.015-22.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-14.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                          1.31-7.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                0.31-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                         1.967015-22.fc40                                 @fedora                   
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.89-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-503.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.34-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-503.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-504.fc40                                  @updates                  
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                 0.204-20.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                              0.117-22.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                            2017060201-24.fc40                               @fedora                   
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                2.002004-11.fc40                                 @fedora                   
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.44-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-503.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.038-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                 1.33-30.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Specio.noarch                                   0.48-6.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-502.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.991-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-24.fc40                                 @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                             0.14-26.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.929-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.25-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-504.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-504.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-21.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.06-502.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                              0.89-5.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                 2.03-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-23.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-502.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                               3.5-27.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-30.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2024.001-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-24.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-506.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                1.228-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.40-503.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9775-502.fc40                                @fedora                   
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-5.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                               1.3401-506.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-14.fc40                                   @fedora                   
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.31-9.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.28-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.31-502.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-20.fc40                                 @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.32-502.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.78-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                           0.64-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-39.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0210-1.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                        1.01-14.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                              2.002.001-5.fc40                                 @fedora                   
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-23.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.47-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-16.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-23.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                               0.900-14.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.48-6.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-XString.x86_64                                  0.005-12.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.37-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-autovivification.x86_64                         0.18-22.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-505.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-506.fc40                                @anaconda                 
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.38.2-506.fc40                                @anaconda                 
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-503.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.38.2-506.fc40                                @anaconda                 
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.77-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.38.2-506.fc40                                  @fedora                   
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.28-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                      0.29-18.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                          0.27-26.fc40                                     @fedora                   
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-502.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-502.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.10-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-53.fc40                                        @fedora                   
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-506.fc40                                    @fedora                   
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-506.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
perl-version.x86_64                                  8:0.99.32-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
perltidy.noarch                                      20240202-1.fc40                                  @fedora                   
phonon-backend-vlc-common.noarch                     0.12.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
phonon-common.noarch                                 4.12.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                    4.12.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
phonon-qt5-backend-vlc.x86_64                        0.12.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
phonon-qt6.x86_64                                    4.12.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
phonon-qt6-backend-vlc.x86_64                        0.12.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
pimcommon.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.3.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pinentry-qt.x86_64                                   1.3.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
piper.noarch                                         0.7-7.fc40                                       @fedora                   
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit-libs.x86_64       1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
pixman.x86_64                                        0.43.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.43.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.30.0-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
pkcs11-provider.x86_64                               0.3-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
pkgconf.x86_64                                       2.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    2.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            2.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-activities.x86_64                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-activities-stats.x86_64                       6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                 6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                          6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-breeze-qt5.x86_64                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-breeze-qt6.x86_64                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-browser-integration.x86_64                    6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-desktop.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-desktop-doc.noarch                            6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-discover.x86_64                               6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-discover-flatpak.x86_64                       6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-discover-libs.x86_64                          6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-discover-notifier.x86_64                      6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-discover-offline-updates.x86_64               6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-discover-packagekit.x86_64                    6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-discover-snap.x86_64                          6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-disks.x86_64                                  6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-drkonqi.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-integration.x86_64                            6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-integration-qt5.x86_64                        6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-lookandfeel-fedora.noarch                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-milou.x86_64                                  6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-nm.x86_64                                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-nm-l2tp.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-nm-openconnect.x86_64                         6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-nm-openswan.x86_64                            6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-nm-openvpn.x86_64                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-nm-pptp.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-nm-vpnc.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-pa.x86_64                                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-print-manager.x86_64                          6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-print-manager-libs.x86_64                     6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-systemmonitor.x86_64                          6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-systemsettings.x86_64                         6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-thunderbolt.x86_64                            6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-vault.x86_64                                  6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-welcome.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-workspace.x86_64                              6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-workspace-common.x86_64                       6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-workspace-geolocation.x86_64                  6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-workspace-geolocation-libs.x86_64             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-workspace-libs.x86_64                         6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-workspace-wallpapers.noarch                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma-workspace-wayland.x86_64                      6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plasma5support.x86_64                                6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.22-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
plymouth.x86_64                                      24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        24.004.60-12.fc40                                @updates                  
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.6-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.6-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
polkit.x86_64                                        124-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
polkit-kde.x86_64                                    6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   124-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-28.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                  0.200.0-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
polkit-qt6-1.x86_64                                  0.200.0-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
poppler.x86_64                                       24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
poppler-qt6.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 24.02.0-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-6.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                               42.7.3-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
potrace.x86_64                                       1.16-12.fc40                                     @fedora                   
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.21-3.fc40                                      @updates                  
powerdevil.x86_64                                    6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-20.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.5.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
protobuf-compiler.x86_64                             3.19.6-8.fc40                                    @fedora                   
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.19.6-8.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-6.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20240107-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-7.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-7.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
pulseaudio-qt-qt6.x86_64                             1.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-7.fc40                                      @fedora                   
pygobject2.x86_64                                    2.28.7-21.fc40                                   @fedora                   
pygtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.0-43.fc40                                   @fedora                   
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.13.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python-cookiecutter-doc.noarch                       2.6.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python-jupyter-filesystem.noarch                     5.1.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              23.3.2-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python-pyqt6-rpm-macros.noarch                       6.7.0-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.10-6.fc40                                   @updates                  
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.12-8.fc40                                      @updates                  
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.12.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python2-cairo.x86_64                                 1.18.2-16.fc40                                   @fedora                   
python2.7.x86_64                                     2.7.18-40.fc40                                   @fedora                   
python3.x86_64                                       3.12.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-Bottleneck.x86_64                            1.3.7-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                               1.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-QtAwesome.noarch                             1.3.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-QtPy.noarch                                  2.4.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.5-1.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-aiodns.noarch                                3.0.0-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-aiohttp.x86_64                               3.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-aiohttp+speedups.x86_64                      3.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-aiosignal.noarch                             1.3.1-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.4-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           3.3.0-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-arrow.noarch                                 1.2.3-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-astroid.noarch                               3.2.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-asttokens.noarch                             2.4.1-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-atomicwrites.noarch                          1.4.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-attrs.noarch                                 23.2.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-audit.x86_64                                 4.0.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-autopep8.noarch                              2.0.4-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.15.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.3-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-binaryornot.noarch                           0.4.4-17.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-bleach.noarch                                6.1.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.10.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-blosc2.x86_64                                2.5.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.34.146-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.34.146-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.5-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.1.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.10-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-cachetools.noarch                            5.3.2-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-certifi.noarch                               2023.05.07-4.fc40                                @anaconda                 
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.16.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.2.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.3.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.7-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-cloudpickle.noarch                           3.0.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-comm.noarch                                  0.2.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-contourpy.x86_64                             1.2.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-cookiecutter.noarch                          2.6.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                               9.0.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          41.0.7-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-cssselect.noarch                             1.1.0-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-cycler.noarch                                0.11.0-11.fc40                                   @fedora                   
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-6.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-13.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-decorator.noarch                             5.1.1-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-defusedxml.noarch                            0.7.1-12.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.12.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-diff-match-patch.noarch                      20230430-4.fc40                                  @fedora                   
python3-dill.noarch                                  0.3.8-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-distro.noarch                                1.9.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.21.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.8.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-docstring-to-markdown.noarch                 0.15-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
python3-docutils.noarch                              0.20.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-entrypoints.noarch                           0.4-3.fc40                                       @fedora                   
python3-et_xmlfile.noarch                            1.1.0-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-evdev.x86_64                                 1.6.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-executing.noarch                             2.0.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-fastjsonschema.noarch                        2.18.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                1.0.7-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.45-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-filelock.noarch                              3.13.1-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-flake8.noarch                                6.0.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-fonttools.x86_64                             4.50.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-frozenlist.x86_64                            1.4.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-fs.noarch                                    2.4.16-7.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-fsspec.noarch                                2024.6.0-1.fc40~bootstrap                        @updates                  
python3-gcsfs.noarch                                 2023.6.0-3.fc40                                  @fedora                   
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.48.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.48.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-google-api-core.noarch                       1:2.11.1-7.fc40                                  @fedora                   
python3-google-auth.noarch                           1:2.32.0-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
python3-google-auth-oauthlib.noarch                  0.8.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-google-cloud-core.noarch                     2.3.3-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-google-cloud-storage.noarch                  2.14.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-google-crc32c.x86_64                         1.5.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-google-resumable-media.noarch                2.7.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-googleapis-common-protos.noarch              1.63.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.23.2-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-greenlet.x86_64                              3.0.3-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-grpcio.x86_64                                1.48.4-34.fc40                                   @fedora                   
python3-grpcio-status.noarch                         1.48.4-34.fc40                                   @fedora                   
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.73.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-helpdev.noarch                               0.7.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-helpdev+memory_info.noarch                   0.7.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-html5lib.noarch                              1:1.1-23.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-10.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.7-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
python3-imagesize.noarch                             1.4.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-importlib-metadata.noarch                    6.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-inflection.noarch                            0.5.1-12.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-inkex.noarch                                 1.3.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-intervaltree.noarch                          3.1.0-12.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-ipykernel.noarch                             6.29.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-ipython.noarch                               8.23.0-3.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-iso639.noarch                                0.1.4-25.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-isort.noarch                                 5.13.2-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-jaraco.noarch                                9.3.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-jaraco-classes.noarch                        3.3.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-jdcal.noarch                                 1.4.1-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-jedi.noarch                                  0.19.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-jeepney.noarch                               0.8.0-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-jellyfish.noarch                             0.9.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.1.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-jinja2-time.noarch                           0.2.0-24.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-jmespath.noarch                              1.0.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-jsonschema.noarch                            4.19.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-jsonschema-specifications.noarch             2023.11.2-3.fc40                                 @fedora                   
python3-jupyter-client.noarch                        7.4.9-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-jupyter-core.noarch                          5.1.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-jupyterlab_pygments.noarch                   0.3.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-keyring.noarch                               24.3.1-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-keyring+completion.noarch                    24.3.1-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.52-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                            1.4.5-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.67-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.20-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.73.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.15-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-libsass.x86_64                               0.23.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.6-4.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.6-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
python3-libvirt.x86_64                               10.1.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.12.8-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.28.0-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-lsp-black.noarch                             2.0.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-lsp-jsonrpc.noarch                           1.1.2-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-lsp-server.noarch                            1.11.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-lsp-server+all.noarch                        1.11.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  5.1.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-markdown.noarch                              3.5.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-markdown-it-py.noarch                        3.0.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-markdown-math.noarch                         0.8-12.fc40                                      @fedora                   
python3-markups.noarch                               3.1.3-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.3-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                            3.8.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                       3.8.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                 3.8.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-matplotlib-inline.noarch                     0.1.6-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                         3.8.4-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-mccabe.noarch                                0.7.0-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-mdurl.noarch                                 0.1.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-5.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-mistune.noarch                               2.0.4-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-more-itertools.noarch                        10.1.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-msgpack.x86_64                               1.0.7-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-multidict.x86_64                             6.0.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-mutagen.noarch                               1.47.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-mypy.noarch                                  1.10.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                       1.0.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-nbclient.noarch                              0.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-nbconvert.noarch                             7.16.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-nbformat.noarch                              5.9.2-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-ndindex.x86_64                               1.7-11.fc40                                      @fedora                   
python3-nest-asyncio.noarch                          1.6.0-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.11.0-9.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.9-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
python3-numexpr.x86_64                               2.8.5-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.26.4-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.26.4-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
python3-numpydoc.noarch                              1.6.0-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-oauthlib.noarch                              3.2.2-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-odfpy.noarch                                 1.4.1-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.47-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
python3-openpyxl.noarch                              3.1.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.2-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-pandas.x86_64                                2.2.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pandocfilters.noarch                         1.5.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-parso.noarch                                 0.8.3-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pathspec.noarch                              0.12.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.9.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-pickleshare.noarch                           0.7.5-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-21.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-pillow.x86_64                                10.3.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                             10.3.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-pip.noarch                                   23.3.2-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-platformdirs.noarch                          3.11.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pluggy.noarch                                1.3.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-23.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.6-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
python3-pooch.noarch                                 1.8.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.38-3.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-prompt-toolkit.noarch                        3.0.41-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-protobuf.x86_64                              3.19.6-8.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.8-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                              2.9.9-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-pure-eval.noarch                             0.2.2-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-pyarrow.x86_64                               15.0.2-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.5.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                        0.5.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-pycares.x86_64                               4.3.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pycodestyle.noarch                           2.10.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-14.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                         3.20.0-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pydocstyle.noarch                            6.3.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pyflakes.noarch                              3.0.1-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pygdbmi.noarch                               0.11.0.0-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.17.2-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pylint.noarch                                3.2.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-pylint-venv.noarch                           3.0.2-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pyls-spyder.noarch                           0.4.0-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.1.2-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             12.13.0-3.fc40                                   @fedora                   
python3-pyqt6-base.x86_64                            6.7.0-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-pyqt6-sip.x86_64                             13.6.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.5-8.fc40                                       @fedora                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-22.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-pytoolconfig.noarch                          1.3.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pytoolconfig+global.noarch                   1.3.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-pytz.noarch                                  2024.1-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-pyuca.noarch                                 1.2-1.fc40                                       @fedora                   
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.1-7.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-11.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.1-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-qdarkstyle.noarch                            3.2.3-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-qdarkstyle+develop.noarch                    3.2.3-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-qstylizer.noarch                             0.2.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.15.10-6.fc40                                   @updates                  
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.10-6.fc40                                   @updates                  
python3-qt5-webengine.x86_64                         5.15.6-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-qtconsole.noarch                             5.5.1-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-qtsass.noarch                                0.4.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-referencing.noarch                           0.31.1-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2024.4.16-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
python3-requests.noarch                              2.31.0-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-requests-file.noarch                         2.0.0-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-33.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                     1.3.1-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-rich.noarch                                  13.7.0-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-rope.noarch                                  1.13.0-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-rpds-py.x86_64                               0.18.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
python3-rsa.noarch                                   4.9-5.fc40                                       @fedora                   
python3-rtree.noarch                                 1.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.10.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.43-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.11.3-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-scour.noarch                                 0.38.2-8.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-secretstorage.noarch                         3.3.3^20240314git3e5097c-6.fc40                  @updates                  
python3-send2trash.noarch                            1.8.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-sentry-sdk.noarch                            1.45.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.5.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-setuptools.noarch                            69.0.3-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-shtab.noarch                                 1.6.1-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-13.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-14.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
python3-slugify.noarch                               6.1.2-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-snowballstemmer.noarch                       2.2.0-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-sortedcontainers.noarch                      2.4.0-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.5-3.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-sphinx.noarch                                1:7.2.6-6.fc40                                   @fedora                   
python3-sphinx-theme-alabaster.noarch                0.7.16-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-sphinxcontrib-devhelp.noarch                 1.0.5-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp.noarch                2.0.4-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-sphinxcontrib-qthelp.noarch                  1.0.6-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml.noarch         1.1.9-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-spyder.noarch                                6.0.0~a5-1.20240424gitv6.0.0a5.fc40              @updates                  
python3-spyder-kernels.noarch                        1:3.0.0~b5-1.20240424gitv3.0.0b5.fc40            @updates                  
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                            2.0.31-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-stack-data.noarch                            0.6.3-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-superqt.noarch                               0.6.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-9.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
python3-tables.x86_64                                3.9.2-4.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-tabulate.noarch                              0.9.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-tabulate+widechars.noarch                    0.9.0-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-text-unidecode.noarch                        1.3-15.fc40                                      @fedora                   
python3-textdistance.noarch                          4.6.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-three_merge.noarch                           0.1.1-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-tinycss2.noarch                              1.2.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.12.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-tomli.noarch                                 2.0.1-10.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-tomlkit.noarch                               0.12.3-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-tornado.x86_64                               6.3.3-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-tracer.noarch                                1.1-2.fc40                                       @fedora                   
python3-traitlets.noarch                             5.14.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     4.12.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-ujson.x86_64                                 5.9.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.20.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.19-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.19-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
python3-watchdog.noarch                              3.0.0-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-wcwidth.noarch                               0.2.13-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-24.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-websockets.x86_64                            12.0-3.fc40                                      @fedora                   
python3-whatthepatch.noarch                          1.0.2-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.41.2-3.fc40                                  @fedora                   
python3-wurlitzer.noarch                             3.1.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
python3-xarray.noarch                                2023.8.0-1.fc40                                  @fedora                   
python3-xkbregistry.x86_64                           0.3-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
python3-xlrd.noarch                                  2.0.1-15.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-xlsxwriter.noarch                            3.1.9-3.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-yapf.noarch                                  0.40.2-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-yarl.x86_64                                  1.9.2-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
python3-zipp.noarch                                  3.17.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                  
python3-zmq.x86_64                                   25.1.1-6.fc40                                    @fedora                   
python3-zstandard.x86_64                             0.22.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
qaccessibilityclient-qt6.x86_64                      0.6.0-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
qca-qt6.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
qca-qt6-ossl.x86_64                                  2.3.8-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
qcoro-qt6.x86_64                                     0.10.0-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
qemu.x86_64                                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-pipewire.x86_64                           2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-rutabaga.x86_64   2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-aarch64.x86_64                           2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-aarch64-core.x86_64                      2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-alpha.x86_64                             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-alpha-core.x86_64                        2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-arm.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-arm-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-avr.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-avr-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-cris.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-cris-core.x86_64                         2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-loongarch64.x86_64                       2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-loongarch64-core.x86_64                  2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-m68k.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-m68k-core.x86_64                         2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-microblaze.x86_64                        2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-microblaze-core.x86_64                   2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-mips.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-mips-core.x86_64                         2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-nios2.x86_64                             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-nios2-core.x86_64                        2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-or1k.x86_64                              2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-or1k-core.x86_64                         2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-ppc.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-ppc-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-riscv.x86_64                             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-riscv-core.x86_64                        2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-rx.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-rx-core.x86_64                           2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-s390x.x86_64                             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-s390x-core.x86_64                        2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-sh4.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-sh4-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-sparc.x86_64                             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-sparc-core.x86_64                        2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-tricore.x86_64                           2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-tricore-core.x86_64                      2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-xtensa.x86_64                            2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-system-xtensa-core.x86_64                       2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-tools.x86_64                                    2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qemu-user.x86_64                                     2:8.2.2-1.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qgpgme-qt6.x86_64                                    1.23.2-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.9.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
qqc2-breeze-style.x86_64                             6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
qrencode.x86_64                                      4.1.1-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
qt-settings.noarch                                   40.0-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
qt3.x86_64                                           3.3.8b-98.fc40                                   @fedora                   
qt5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.15.14-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.14-6.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.14-6.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.14-6.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.14-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtfeedback.x86_64                                20180903gita14bd0b-9.fc40                        @anaconda                 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                               5.15.17-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                  5.212.0-0.87alpha4.fc40                          @updates                  
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.14-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.14-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
qt6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.7.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.7.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.7.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.7.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                              6.7.2-4.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.7.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtimageformats.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtpdf.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtpositioning.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtquick3d.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtquicktimeline.x86_64                           6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtsensors.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtserialport.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtspeech.x86_64                                  6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtspeech-flite.x86_64                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                   6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtvirtualkeyboard.x86_64                         6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.7.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtwebengine.x86_64                               6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-qtwebview.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
qt6-srpm-macros.noarch                               6.7.2-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
qtkeychain-qt6.x86_64                                0.14.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                              2.4-42.20150629git5a07df5.fc40                   @fedora                   
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                       2.6.1-49.fc40                                    @fedora                   
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-43.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-28.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-5.fc40                                @anaconda                 
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-12.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-26.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             288-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-37.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
remmina.x86_64                                       1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
remmina-plugins-exec.x86_64                          1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
remmina-plugins-rdp.x86_64                           1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
remmina-plugins-secret.x86_64                        1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
remmina-plugins-vnc.x86_64                           1.4.33-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
reportd.x86_64                                       0.7.4-13.fc40                                    @fedora                   
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-9.fc40                                     @fedora                   
retext.noarch                                        8.0.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.1-0.fc40                                     @updates                  
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
rkhunter.noarch                                      1.4.6-24.fc40                                    @fedora                   
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-36.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-4.rc3.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
rpm.x86_64                                           4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.7.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.19.1.1-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        40-1                                             @@commandline             
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     40-1                                             @@commandline             
rstudio-common.x86_64                                2024.04.2+764-1.fc40                             @updates                  
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.57.1-6.fc40                                    @updates                  
rsync.x86_64                                         3.3.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2312.0-1.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-63.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-6.fc40                                     @updates                  
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              26.3-1.fc40                                      @updates                  
rustdesk.x86_64                                      1.2.3-0                                          @@commandline             
rutabaga-gfx-ffi.x86_64                              0.1.2-3.20230913gitc3ad0e43e.fc40                @fedora                   
s-nail.x86_64                                        14.9.24-10.fc40                                  @updates                  
sac.noarch                                           1.3-46.fc40                                      @fedora                   
samba.x86_64                                         2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-common-tools.x86_64                            2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                  2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                        2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
samba-libs.x86_64                                    2:4.20.2-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.29-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.2.1-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.2.1-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.2.1-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.2.1-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
satyr.x86_64                                         0.43-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
schroedinger.x86_64                                  1.0.11-30.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
scrub.x86_64                                         2.6.1-8.fc40                                     @fedora                   
sddm.x86_64                                          0.21.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
sddm-breeze.noarch                                   6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
sddm-kcm.x86_64                                      6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
sddm-wayland-plasma.noarch                           6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.68-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.3-2.fc40                                    @fedora                   
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.3-2.fc40                                    @fedora                   
sed.x86_64                                           4.9-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
selinux-policy.noarch                                40.24-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       40.24-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
setup.noarch                                         2.14.5-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-63.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.15.1-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.3-5.fc40                                       @updates                  
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.8-3                                           @anaconda                 
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                                           @anaconda                 
signon.x86_64                                        8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40                     @anaconda                 
signon-kwallet-extension.x86_64                      24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                          0.25^20231216.fab6988-2.fc40                     @anaconda                 
signon-qt5.x86_64                                    8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40                     @fedora                   
signon-qt6.x86_64                                    8.60^20240205.c8ad982-1.fc40                     @anaconda                 
signon-ui.x86_64                                     0.15^20240205.eef943f-1.fc40                     @anaconda                 
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-14.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
skanpage.x86_64                                      24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.2-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.4-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
snap-confine.x86_64                                  2.63-0.fc40                                      @updates                  
snapd.x86_64                                         2.63-0.fc40                                      @updates                  
snapd-glib.x86_64                                    1.64-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
snapd-qt.x86_64                                      1.64-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
snapd-selinux.noarch                                 2.63-0.fc40                                      @updates                  
snapper.x86_64                                       0.10.4-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
snapper-libs.x86_64                                  0.10.4-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.10-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
socat.x86_64                                         1.8.0.0-2.fc40                                   @updates                  
soci.x86_64                                          4.0.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
soci-sqlite3.x86_64                                  4.0.3-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-21.fc40                                    @fedora                   
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
sos.noarch                                           4.7.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-21.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-22.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-15.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
spatialindex.x86_64                                  1.9.3-11.fc40                                    @fedora                   
spdlog.x86_64                                        1.12.0-4.fc40                                    @updates                  
spectacle.x86_64                                     24.05.2-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
speech-dispatcher-libs.x86_64                        0.11.5-5.fc40                                    @updates                  
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-17.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                                      @fedora                   
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-6.fc40                                    @updates                  
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2024.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
splashtop-streamer.x86_64                            3.6.4.0-1                                        @@commandline             
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.45.1-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.45.1-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.6.1-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.14-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.3-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
sscg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.9.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-29.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-5.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-10.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.3-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.3-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
suitesparse.x86_64                                   7.6.0-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  2.1.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-5.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
swtpm-selinux.noarch                                 0.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.9.0-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-10.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         46.0-1.fc40                                      @fedora                   
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-9.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
systemd.x86_64                                       255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
systemd-container.x86_64                             255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  255.10-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-10.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
tailscale.x86_64                                     1.70.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
tbb.x86_64                                           2021.11.0-5.fc40                                 @fedora                   
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.13-2.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.4-7.fc40                                 @updates                  
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-7.fc40                                      @updates                  
teamviewer.x86_64                                    15.55.3-0                                        @teamviewer               
tecla.x86_64                                         45.0-2.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.4-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            11:svn42428-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-alphalph.noarch                              11:svn53087-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-amscls.noarch                                11:svn55378-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              11:svn61937-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               11:svn63514-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                              11:svn53051-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            11:svn42099-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-atveryend.noarch                             11:svn53108-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                          11:svn56596-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-auxhook.noarch                               11:svn53173-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              11:svn61983-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-babel.noarch                                 11:svn65823-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              11:svn57349-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-base.x86_64                                  11:20230311-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-bera.noarch                                  11:svn20031.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-biblatex.noarch                              11:svn66403-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  11:svn65572-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                            11:svn53172-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-bitset.noarch                                11:svn53837-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-bookman.noarch                               11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-bookmark.noarch                              11:svn56885-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              11:svn53402-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              11:svn29901.1.40-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-caption.noarch                               11:svn66580-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-catchfile.noarch                             11:svn53084-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-changepage.noarch                            11:svn15878.1.0c-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-charter.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-cm.noarch                                    11:svn57963-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              11:svn64015-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-courier.noarch                               11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              11:svn64389-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           11:svn38514-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-currfile.noarch                              11:svn64673-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                11:svn48599-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                11:svn66203-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              11:svn51423-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              11:svn66461-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          11:svn53546-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               11:svn56658-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-etex.noarch                                  11:svn66203-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              11:svn41784-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                              11:svn53171-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              11:svn56554-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 11:svn19795.0.1h-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              11:svn64977-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              11:svn65585-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          11:svn52142-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-filehook.noarch                              11:svn64822-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-float.noarch                                 11:svn15878.1.3d-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              11:svn63386-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              11:svn62524-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-fp.noarch                                    11:svn49719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   11:svn54512-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-geometry.noarch                              11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                        11:svn53170-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-graphics.noarch                              11:svn66204-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          11:svn41448-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          11:svn64487-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               11:svn52851-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                11:svn52810-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-hologo.noarch                                11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-hycolor.noarch                               11:svn53584-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-hypdoc.noarch                                11:svn65678-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              11:svn65758-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           11:svn66413-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               11:svn47544-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            11:svn45533-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 11:svn61910-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                             11:svn53023-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-intcalc.noarch                               11:svn53168-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               11:svn15878.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             11:svn57963-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           11:svn64685-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              11:svn66209-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                          11:svn53193-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                             11:svn63622-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                             11:svn64632-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             11:svn65573-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              11:svn66094-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            11:svn65722-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-latex.noarch                                 11:svn65161-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           11:svn28888.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           11:svn53525-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                           11:svn53022-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   11:20230311-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-listings.noarch                              11:svn66222-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-lm.noarch                                    11:svn65956-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-logreq.noarch                                11:svn53003-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                               11:svn56421-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        11:svn56414-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-lua-uni-algos.noarch                         11:svn62204-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-luabidi.noarch                               11:svn54512-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               11:svn64615-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            11:svn64616-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                11:svn66967-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            11:svn52663-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              11:svn15878.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            11:svn48383-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              11:svn29349.2.2a-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              11:svn52663-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-memoir.noarch                                11:svn65040-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              11:svn59066-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-ms.noarch                                    11:svn57473-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-multido.noarch                               11:svn18302.1.42-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-natbib.noarch                                11:svn20668.8.31b-71.fc40                        @fedora                   
texlive-palatino.noarch                              11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-paralist.noarch                              11:svn43021-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                              11:svn52912-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                             11:svn53082-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                11:svn66243-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                            11:svn55777-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   11:svn65553-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-picture.noarch                               11:svn54867-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-placeins.noarch                              11:svn19848.2.2-71.fc40                          @fedora                   
texlive-plain.noarch                                 11:svn57963-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           11:svn65792-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                11:svn54694-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                11:svn17257.1.10-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              11:svn62977-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               11:svn15878.1.0-71.fc40                          @fedora                   
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              11:svn60671-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              11:svn15878.1.06-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              11:svn64732-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              11:svn61838-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                               11:svn54963-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              11:svn65346-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              11:svn49542-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             11:svn60621-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              11:svn60421-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              11:svn65346-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          11:svn65067-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                              11:svn66152-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-refcount.noarch                              11:svn53164-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                        11:svn63869-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                11:svn15878.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-setspace.noarch                              11:svn65206-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              11:svn57414-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-stringenc.noarch                             11:svn52982-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-subfig.noarch                                11:svn15878.1.3-71.fc40                          @fedora                   
texlive-symbol.noarch                                11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         11:svn40533-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       11:svn66584-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         11:svn66512-82.fc40                              @updates                  
texlive-times.noarch                                 11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  11:svn29349.1.3-71.fc40                          @fedora                   
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              11:svn59845-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-tools.noarch                                 11:svn64892-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-underscore.noarch                            11:svn18261.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          11:svn64423-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                         11:svn53162-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-url.noarch                                   11:svn32528.3.4-71.fc40                          @fedora                   
texlive-utopia.noarch                                11:svn15878.0-71.fc40                            @fedora                   
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              11:svn24104.0.92-71.fc40                         @fedora                   
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                11:svn63563-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               11:svn38929-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               11:svn63616-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                11:svn54563-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-xstring.noarch                               11:svn65551-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              11:svn30466.0.981-71.fc40                        @fedora                   
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              11:svn61719-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
texlive-zref.noarch                                  11:svn62977-71.fc40                              @fedora                   
thinkfan.x86_64                                      1.3.1-6.fc40                                     @fedora                   
thonny.noarch                                        4.1.4-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
thrift.x86_64                                        0.15.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.13.1-14.fc40                                   @updates                  
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.13.1-14.fc40                                   @updates                  
time.x86_64                                          1.9-23.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
tinyxml2.x86_64                                      9.0.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc40                                  @updates                  
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-40.fc40                                  @fedora                   
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.13-3.fc40                                  @anaconda                 
tmux.x86_64                                          3.4-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.7-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.1.3-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
tracer-common.noarch                                 1.1-2.fc40                                       @fedora                   
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.5-2.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
tre.x86_64                                           0.8.0-43.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc40                 @fedora                   
tre-common.noarch                                    0.8.0-43.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc40                 @fedora                   
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-10.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
tzdata.noarch                                        2024a-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2024a-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-8.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
udisks2-btrfs.x86_64                                 2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                  2.10.1-5.fc40                                    @fedora                   
unar.x86_64                                          1.10.8-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.20.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.20.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.1.0-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
unity-gtk-module-common.noarch                       0.0.0+17.04.20170403-18.fc39                     @anaconda                 
unity-gtk3-module.x86_64                             0.0.0+17.04.20170403-18.fc39                     @anaconda                 
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-63.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.4-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.4-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                                 @updates                  
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-10.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-11.fc40                                 @anaconda                 
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20230720git61b99ab-2.fc40                  @anaconda                 
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-4.fc40                                    @fedora                   
usbutils.x86_64                                      017-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.14.0-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
usrsctp.x86_64                                       1:0.9.5.0-8.fc40                                 @fedora                   
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-7.fc40                                     @fedora                   
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.40.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-9.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              65-2.fc40                                        @anaconda                 
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.571-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.571-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 1.0.1-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
virt-install.noarch                                  4.1.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
virt-manager.noarch                                  4.1.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
virt-manager-common.noarch                           4.1.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
virtiofsd.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc40                                    @fedora                   
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.20-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
vlc.x86_64                                           1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-cli.x86_64                                       1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-gui-qt.x86_64                                    1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-gui-skins2.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-libs.x86_64                                      1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugin-ffmpeg.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugin-gnome.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugin-gstreamer.x86_64                          1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugin-kde.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugin-lua.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugin-notify.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugin-pipewire.x86_64                           3-2.fc40                                         @anaconda                 
vlc-plugin-visualization.x86_64                      1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugins-base.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vlc-plugins-video-out.x86_64                         1:3.0.21-3.fc40                                  @updates                  
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-20.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
voikko-fi.noarch                                     2.5-6.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-21.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-47.svn550.fc40                             @anaconda                 
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-2.git5b9e7e4c.fc40                      @anaconda                 
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.76.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
vte291.x86_64                                        0.76.3-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.283.0-2.fc40                                 @updates                  
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                  1.3.283.0-1.fc40                                 @updates                  
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.6.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.22.0-3.fc40                                    @fedora                   
wayland-utils.x86_64                                 1.2.0-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-21.fc40                                        @fedora                   
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                 2.44.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.44.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.44.2-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       1.3-1.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
webrtc-audio-processing0.3.x86_64                    0.3.1-12.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
wget2.x86_64                                         2.1.0-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
wget2-libs.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
wget2-wget.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
which.x86_64                                         2.21-41.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.20-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.20-3.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2024.01.23-1.fc40                                @anaconda                 
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.5.5-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
wl-clipboard.x86_64                                  2.2.1-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-19.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
words.noarch                                         3.0-45.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-10.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
wsdd.noarch                                          0.8-1.fc40                                       @updates                  
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.23-2.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.4-4.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xdelta.x86_64                                        3.1.0-18.fc40                                    @fedora                   
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.5-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.18.4-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.1-5.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
xdg-desktop-portal-kde.x86_64                        6.1.3-2.fc40                                     @updates                  
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-4.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xdriinfo.x86_64                                      1.0.7-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.18.2-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.5.0-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xinput.x86_64                                        1.6.4-2.fc40                                     @fedora                   
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-4.fc40                                         @anaconda                 
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.41-1.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
xl2tpd.x86_64                                        1.3.17-4.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
xmessage.x86_64                                      1.0.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-63.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.59.03-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.59.03-1.fc40                                   @updates                  
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.39-2.fc40                                  @updates                  
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1:1.2.39-2.fc40                                  @updates                  
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1:1.2.39-2.fc40                                  @updates                  
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-6.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2024.1-2.fc40                                    @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      24.1.1-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-6.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xorriso.x86_64                                       1.5.6-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
xpdf-libs.x86_64                                     1:4.04-11.fc40                                   @fedora                   
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.7-1.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-5.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-3.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.1-1.fc40                                     @fedora                   
xsettingsd.x86_64                                    1.0.2-8.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-11.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
xwaylandvideobridge.x86_64                           0.4.0-5.fc40                                     @updates                  
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.2-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
xz.x86_64                                            1:5.4.6-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
xz-devel.x86_64                                      1:5.4.6-3.fc40                                   @fedora                   
xz-libs.x86_64                                       1:5.4.6-3.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-23.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                      0.7.0-5.fc40                                     @fedora                   
ykclient.x86_64                                      2.15-18.fc40                                     @fedora                   
ykpers.x86_64                                        1.20.0-13.fc40                                   @fedora                   
yt-dlp.noarch                                        2024.07.09-1.fc40                                @updates                  
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                        2024.07.09-1.fc40                                @updates                  
yum.noarch                                           4.21.0-1.fc40                                    @updates                  
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.1-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
zenity.x86_64                                        4.0.2-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.5-16.fc40                                    @anaconda                 
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-30.fc40                                  @fedora                   
zig-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-2.fc40                                         @fedora                   
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-2.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-40.fc40                                      @anaconda                 
zlib-ng.x86_64                                       2.1.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
zlib-ng-compat.x86_64                                2.1.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
zlib-ng-compat-devel.x86_64                          2.1.7-1.fc40                                     @updates                  
zoom.x86_64                                          6.1.5.871-1                                      @@commandline             
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-11.fc40                                    @updates                  
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-22.fc40                                   @anaconda                 
zxcvbn-c.x86_64                                      2.5-2.fc40                                       @anaconda                 
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     2.0.0-6.fc40                                     @anaconda                 
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.72-6.fc40                                   @fedora                   
